Document RDI API v1 deprecation and migration (#3668)
redis/docs: content/integrate/redis-data-integration/release-notes/rdi-1-19-0.md

### Compatibility Notes

> - **RDI API v1 deprecated**: RDI API v1 is deprecated as of RDI 1.19.0. Existing v1 clients remain available for compatibility, but new integrations should use RDI API v2. See the [RDI API migration guide]({{< relref "/integrate/redis-data-integration/reference/api-migration" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **RDI API v1 deprecated**: RDI API v1 is deprecated as of RDI 1.19.0. Existing API v1 endpoints remain available for backward compatibility, but new integrations should use RDI API v2. See the [RDI API migration guide]({{< relref "/integrate/redis-data-integration/reference/api-migration" >}}).
```
Mention that API v1 may be removed in a future version, see above.
